we example 5
e2rewards
wee
I'll just war too low yiraseo think this scared me just how full or
It did not cool cuz
One prisoner to the ground so John Paul in the back by a 4 *
Then you're surprised and pretty, so let's hear it's the cause of the sword.
Ahhh
It's a massive booze that makes the entire town bustle.
It's already been reported
10:00 under control laboratories belong to the 30 minutes came the wind hakbeol too huge
My uncle
When I got out of the house ,
I searched around, but it's unknown for a month.
It's the only installment Articles 10 currently in the recording which happened around the same
The first person to hear the sound is the native of the village.
Have you ever heard no new powers under the description I'll make the team teukwoo
Oh, did you hear me?
So, ah
Each and every one of them has compactness.
It's similar, but it's definitely different from romantic sounds that stimulate nostalgia .
How true is this rich even now this is happening for the first time a straightedge Oh xt sound
It's not the 30 notes that I recorded every day.
It's a very weak land.
Bang without notice
I can hear it for over 30 minutes in a month .
It's midnight.
I started tracking to identify the binge.
on
7 You'll have a lot.
You need to know where you come from if you want to know the substance in a lump.
The first and most audible sound was heard from around the house observing the camera
Installed 9
I've been waiting.
If it sounds over tendeyo drill again here today is silent waeyiri
should
A plain and quiet residential area
It's an emergency because of the sound every day .
If you eat until dawn, you have to find enough to endure until I have one.
Exhausted again
Yeah. So it's not a turn .
Because the sense of direction is shorter
U
Waiting indefinitely
I'm waiting for the watch after Hangul .
U shell
How I did suggest waiting
I heard a sound that drew much from here in June this Unattended
I'm do you want this application I think I heard this tremendous foundation for a larger hunger
No increase
My Tzu width L 10 itneyo raunchy sound'll play any more this chart
wee
U
43 What I wrote haneungeo
so
I'm going to hear a sound
Nothing.
Is it the sound of this connecting coral?
Oh , you were so big under me .
I could hear a whistling sound.
All the sounds from the observation cameras installed around the initial informant house
I got it.
Except for the road to the coral, the source of sound is estimated to be the center of the residential area
I'm stuck.
I do not know why.